image,caption
el-pobo-20240821-203001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. The high cloud coverage is dense, indicating an approaching front or significant weather changes, potentially associated with an anticyclone. There are few to no low clouds, suggesting clear or fair weather at lower altitudes. However, the overall sky is mostly overcast, likely leading to continuous rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240821-213001.jpg,"The clouds are situated at a moderate altitude, indicating stable weather conditions. There is a dense presence of high-altitude clouds, suggesting significant weather changes or an approaching front. Medium clouds are moderately present, which could lead to light showers. The overall sky is almost completely overcast, which may result in continuous rain."
el-pobo-20240821-223001.jpg,"The clouds are at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. High-altitude clouds dominate the sky, indicating potential significant weather changes. There are minimal low and medium clouds, suggesting that the weather is currently stable. However, the overall dense cloud coverage suggests an approaching front, which could lead to changes in weather soon."
el-pobo-20240821-233001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. There's a dense presence of high-altitude clouds, indicating significant weather changes, possibly associated with an anticyclone. The absence of low clouds supports fair weather conditions. However, the overall sky is mostly covered, suggesting potential weather changes but not immediate precipitation."
el-pobo-20240822-053001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. High clouds cover more than half of the sky, indicating possible changes in weather. There is a moderate presence of medium clouds, which may bring light showers. The overall cloud coverage is mostly cloudy, suggesting overcast conditions with potential for light rain."
el-pobo-20240822-063001.jpg,"The clouds are at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. High-altitude clouds cover a fair portion of the sky, implying potential fair weather with some incoming rain. There are few medium clouds, suggesting the possibility of light showers but no significant low clouds to indicate heavy rain. The overall cloud coverage is partly cloudy, suggesting fair weather with some cloud presence."
el-pobo-20240822-073001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, indicating stable weather conditions. High-altitude clouds are present but not dense, suggesting fair weather with a slight chance of incoming rain. There are few to no low clouds, reinforcing the likelihood of clear or fair weather. The overall cloud coverage is partly cloudy, indicating fair weather with some cloud presence but no significant weather activity expected."
el-pobo-20240822-083001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. There is minimal high cloud presence, indicating clear skies and potential for fair weather. The absence of low clouds and scattered medium clouds suggest a stable atmosphere with no significant precipitation. Overall, the partly cloudy sky indicates fair weather with no immediate weather changes expected."
el-pobo-20240822-093001.jpg,"The altitude of the clouds suggests stable weather conditions. High-altitude clouds are minimal, indicating clear skies and fair weather. There are practically no low-altitude clouds, further supporting stable and clear conditions. Overall, the sky is partly cloudy, suggesting fair weather with no significant precipitation expected."
el-pobo-20240822-103001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. With high clouds present at around 37.5%, there is a suggestion of fair weather with some potential for incoming rain. The absence of low clouds and minimal medium clouds indicate that significant precipitation is unlikely. Overall, the partly cloudy sky with just under 50% total cloud coverage suggests generally fair weather with no immediate weather changes expected."
el-pobo-20240822-113001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. High-altitude clouds are moderately present, implying fair weather with some potential for incoming rain. There are few to no low clouds, indicating clear or fair weather, while the presence of medium clouds is minimal, suggesting stable conditions with no immediate precipitation. Overall, the sky is mostly cloudy, indicating overcast conditions with potential for light rain."
el-pobo-20240822-123001.jpg,"The moderate altitude of the cloud base suggests stable weather conditions. High cloud cover is dense, indicating an approaching front or significant weather changes, often associated with an anticyclone. The absence of low clouds and a moderate presence of medium clouds suggest that while the weather is stable, there might be potential for light showers. The overall mostly cloudy sky with significant high cloud coverage points to an impending change in weather, but not necessarily immediate precipitation."
el-pobo-20240822-133001.jpg,"With the cloud base at a moderate altitude, weather conditions are relatively stable. The sky has a significant presence of high clouds, suggesting an approaching front or significant weather changes. Low clouds are minimal, indicating clear or fair weather, but the moderate presence of medium clouds suggests potential for light showers. Overall, the sky is mostly overcast, likely leading to continuous rain."
el-pobo-20240822-143001.jpg,"The cloud base is relatively high, typically indicating fair weather, but the dense high-altitude clouds suggest significant weather changes. With minimal low cloud presence, heavy rain is unlikely, but the moderate amount of medium clouds indicates potential for light showers. The overall sky is almost completely overcast, hinting at continuous weather changes. This combination suggests an unstable atmosphere, possibly leading to incoming rain or a weather front."
el-pobo-20240822-153001.jpg,"The cloud base is relatively high, typically indicating fair weather, but the dense high cloud cover suggests significant weather changes associated with an anticyclone. The minimal presence of low clouds indicates no immediate heavy rain. There is a moderate amount of medium clouds, suggesting potential light showers. Overall, the sky is almost completely overcast, which might lead to continuous rain or signal an approaching front."
el-pobo-20240822-163002.jpg,"The high altitude of the cloud base suggests fair weather, though it could indicate cyclonic activity. The dense high cloud cover indicates significant weather changes, commonly associated with an anticyclone. With very minimal low clouds, there is little chance of immediate heavy rain, but the moderate presence of medium clouds suggests some potential for light showers. Overall, the sky is mostly overcast, hinting at possible light precipitation or upcoming weather shifts."
el-pobo-20240822-173001.jpg,"The cloud base is relatively high, typically indicating fair weather; however, the high cloud cover is dense, suggesting an approaching front or significant weather changes. Despite the minimal presence of low clouds, there is a significant amount of medium clouds, which could indicate potential changes in weather conditions, possibly bringing light showers. The overall sky is mostly overcast, likely leading to continuous rain. The combination of these factors might hint at an unstable atmosphere, potentially resulting in storms."
el-pobo-20240822-183001.jpg,"The cloud base is relatively high, typically indicating clear and stable weather, yet there is dense high cloud cover suggesting an approaching front or significant weather changes. With no low clouds present, the likelihood of heavy rain is minimal. However, the presence of moderate medium clouds suggests potential for light showers. Overall, the sky is almost completely overcast, signaling possible weather changes but not necessarily heavy precipitation."
el-pobo-20240822-193001.jpg,"The cloud base is relatively high, suggesting generally fair weather under normal conditions. However, the dense high cloud cover indicates significant weather changes, typically associated with an anticyclone. The moderate presence of medium clouds points to potential light showers. Overall, the completely overcast sky suggests continuous rain or a cyclonic event."
el-pobo-20240822-203001.jpg,"The cloud base is relatively high, typically indicating fair weather, but the sky is almost entirely covered by high clouds. The high cloud coverage is dense, suggesting an approaching front or significant weather changes, associated with an anticyclone. There is minimal presence of low and medium clouds, indicating stable weather conditions without immediate precipitation. Overall, the high cloud cover and clear lower levels point to stable conditions with no immediate threat of rain."
el-pobo-20240822-213001.jpg,"The relatively high altitude of the cloud base suggests clear and stable weather, typical of an anticyclone. The high cloud cover is significant, indicating possible changes in weather, while the lack of low clouds points to fair weather conditions. The presence of some medium clouds suggests a stable atmosphere with minimal chance of precipitation. Overall, the sky is mostly cloudy but does not indicate any immediate severe weather phenomena."
el-pobo-20240822-223001.jpg,"The clouds are relatively high, indicating fair weather with no immediate precipitation. The sky is mostly clear with only a few high-altitude clouds, suggesting stable conditions. There is minimal presence of medium clouds and no low clouds, further reinforcing the likelihood of fair weather. Overall, the cloud coverage is low, indicating clear skies and stable weather associated with an anticyclone."
el-pobo-20240822-233001.jpg,"The clouds are situated at a high altitude, which typically suggests fair weather. There is minimal presence of high clouds with no low clouds, indicating clear skies with stable conditions. The slight presence of medium clouds is not sufficient to suggest any imminent weather changes. Overall, the sky appears mostly clear, suggesting no immediate precipitation or significant weather activity."
el-pobo-20240823-053001.jpg,"The sky is almost completely clear, with only a minimal presence of high and medium clouds. There are no low clouds, indicating fair weather. With such low total cloud coverage, no significant weather activity is expected. The conditions suggest stable, clear skies."
el-pobo-20240823-063001.jpg,"There are no clouds at low or medium altitudes, indicating clear weather conditions. The presence of high cirrus clouds covering a significant portion of the sky suggests fair weather with potential for slight changes. Overall, the sky remains mostly clear, indicating no immediate threat of precipitation. This scenario is typical of stable atmospheric conditions."
el-pobo-20240823-073001.jpg,"The sky is completely clear with no clouds present at any altitude. This indicates stable weather conditions with no significant weather activity expected. The absence of clouds suggests fair weather, with no precipitation or storms on the horizon."
el-pobo-20240823-083001.jpg,"There are no clouds present in the sky, indicating completely clear conditions. With no cloud cover at any altitude, the weather is expected to remain stable and fair. There is no immediate indication of rain, storms, or other significant weather changes."
el-pobo-20240823-093001.jpg,The sky is completely clear with no cloud cover at any altitude. This indicates stable atmospheric conditions and fair weather. There is no potential for rain or significant weather changes based on the current cloud data.
el-pobo-20240823-103001.jpg,"There are no clouds in the sky, indicating extremely clear weather conditions. The absence of high, medium, and low clouds suggests stable atmospheric conditions. Clear skies typically imply no significant weather activity. You can expect fair weather with no immediate precipitation."
el-pobo-20240823-113001.jpg,"The sky is completely clear with no cloud presence at any altitude, indicating no significant weather activity. With no clouds observed, the weather is expected to remain stable and fair. There is no indication of rain or storms, suggesting a calm and clear day ahead."
el-pobo-20240823-123001.jpg,"The sky is mostly clear with minimal cloud cover, indicating no significant weather activity. The absence of low clouds and the very low percentage of medium clouds suggest stable and fair weather conditions. The slight presence of high clouds further supports the likelihood of clear skies. Overall, expect calm weather with no precipitation."
el-pobo-20240823-133001.jpg,"The sky is largely clear with minimal cloud presence, indicating no significant weather activity. High-altitude clouds are barely present, suggesting stable and fair weather conditions. There are few mid-level clouds, which do not indicate any immediate precipitation. Overall, the weather is calm with clear skies, typical of stable atmospheric conditions."
el-pobo-20240823-143001.jpg,"The clouds are at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. There is a dense presence of high-altitude clouds, suggesting significant weather changes, potentially associated with an anticyclone. Medium-level clouds are moderately present, indicating the possibility of light showers. Overall, the sky is partly cloudy, suggesting fair weather with some cloud presence."
el-pobo-20240823-153001.jpg,"The clouds are situated at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. The sky has minimal high clouds, indicating clear skies with fair weather. Medium clouds are moderately present, which could suggest potential for light showers. Overall, the mostly cloudy sky indicates overcast conditions with a possibility of light rain."
el-pobo-20240823-163001.jpg,"The moderate altitude of the clouds suggests stable weather conditions. With over half of the sky covered by high clouds, potential weather changes are indicated. The significant presence of medium clouds suggests the possibility of continuous rain or storms. The sky is mostly overcast, likely leading to continuous rain."
el-pobo-20240823-173001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting relatively stable weather conditions. There is a moderate presence of high-altitude clouds, indicating fair weather with some incoming rain. Low-altitude clouds are minimal, suggesting clear or fair weather, but the significant presence of mid-level clouds indicates potential light showers. Overall, the sky is mostly cloudy, indicating overcast conditions with the potential for light rain."
el-pobo-20240823-183001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. There is a significant presence of high-altitude clouds, indicating possible changes in the weather. While the low cloud coverage is minimal, the medium clouds are moderately present, which could suggest potential light showers. Overall, the sky is mostly cloudy, indicating overcast conditions with a possibility of light rain."
el-pobo-20240823-193001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. High cloud coverage is significant, indicating possible changes in weather. Few low clouds suggest clear or fair weather at low altitudes. However, the overall cloud coverage is mostly cloudy, indicating overcast conditions with potential for light rain."
el-pobo-20240823-203001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, indicating stable weather conditions. High-altitude clouds are present in significant amounts, suggesting possible changes in weather. The presence of few low clouds points to generally fair weather, while moderate medium cloud cover suggests potential for light showers. Overall, the sky is mostly cloudy, indicating overcast conditions with a slight chance of rain."
el-pobo-20240823-213002.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions without immediate threats of heavy precipitation. The presence of some high-altitude clouds indicates fair weather, although there is a moderate amount of medium clouds that could bring light showers. Low cloud presence is minimal, contributing to the overall stability in weather. However, the mostly cloudy sky suggests overcast conditions with potential for light rain."
el-pobo-20240823-223001.jpg,"The altitude of the clouds suggests stable weather conditions. The presence of high-altitude clouds indicates clear skies with potential for fair weather. Mid-level clouds are moderately present, suggesting a possibility of light showers. Overall, the sky is partly cloudy, indicating fair weather with some cloud presence."
el-pobo-20240823-233001.jpg,"The clouds are at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. High-altitude clouds are minimal, indicating clear skies. There are few medium-level clouds, which indicate stable weather. Overall, the sky is partly cloudy, suggesting fair weather with minimal cloud presence."
el-pobo-20240824-053001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. With no high-altitude clouds and minimal low and medium cloud presence, the sky is mostly clear. The overall cloud coverage is low, indicating no significant weather activity. Therefore, expect fair and stable weather with no immediate precipitation."
el-pobo-20240824-063001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. With high-altitude clouds nearly absent, it indicates clear skies. The presence of minimal low and medium clouds suggests fair weather with stable atmospheric conditions. Overall, the sky is mostly clear, indicating no significant weather activity."
el-pobo-20240824-073001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. There are no high-altitude clouds, which typically indicates clear weather. The presence of some low and medium clouds is minimal, suggesting stable weather with no immediate precipitation. Overall, the sky is mostly clear, indicating no significant weather activity."
el-pobo-20240824-083001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. With high clouds absent and very minimal low and medium cloud coverage, the sky is largely clear. The overall cloud coverage is quite low, indicating no significant weather activity. This suggests fair and stable weather with no immediate precipitation or storms expected."
el-pobo-20240824-093001.jpg,"The cloud base is moderately high, suggesting stable weather conditions. High-altitude clouds are absent, indicating clear skies and potential for fair weather. With minimal presence of low and medium clouds, the sky is mostly clear. Overall, the minimal cloud coverage suggests no significant weather activity, likely resulting in fair and stable weather."
el-pobo-20240824-103001.jpg,"The moderate altitude of the cloud base suggests stable weather conditions. High-altitude clouds are present but not overly dense, indicating fair weather with some incoming rain. There is an absence of low clouds, reinforcing the likelihood of clear or fair weather. Overall, the minimal total cloud coverage suggests no significant weather activity and generally clear skies."
el-pobo-20240824-113001.jpg,"The observed cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. With no high or low clouds present and only a minimal presence of mid-level clouds, the sky is mostly clear. The overall cloud coverage is very low, indicating no significant weather activity. This suggests stable and clear weather with no immediate precipitation."
el-pobo-20240824-123001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. The absence of high and low clouds, coupled with minimal medium cloud presence, indicates clear skies with no significant weather activity. The overall low cloud coverage supports the likelihood of fair and stable weather. Thus, it appears there are no imminent changes or precipitation expected."
el-pobo-20240824-133002.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. There is an absence of high and low clouds, indicating clear skies. The minimal presence of medium clouds suggests stable weather with no imminent rain. Overall, the sky is mostly clear, indicating calm and fair weather."
el-pobo-20240824-143001.jpg,"The clouds are situated at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. The absence of high, low, and medium clouds indicates clear skies with minimal cloud cover. Overall, the sky is mostly clear, indicating no significant weather activity is expected. This points to fair and stable weather."
el-pobo-20240824-153001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting generally stable weather conditions. With no high or low clouds and only a minimal presence of medium clouds, the sky is mostly clear. The overall cloud coverage is low, indicating fair weather with no significant precipitation expected. This combination suggests calm and stable atmospheric conditions."
el-pobo-20240824-163001.jpg,"The clouds are at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. There are negligible high and low clouds, indicating clear or fair weather. The presence of some medium clouds at a low percentage suggests stable weather with no imminent precipitation. Overall, the sky is mostly clear, indicating a calm and stable atmosphere."
el-pobo-20240824-173001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. There is some presence of high-altitude clouds, indicating fair weather with a slight chance of incoming rain. The absence of low clouds points to clear conditions near the ground. Overall, the partly cloudy sky suggests fair weather with minimal cloud coverage and no significant weather activity."
el-pobo-20240824-183001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. High-altitude clouds are nearly absent, indicating clear skies and potential for fair weather. There are no low clouds, but there is a moderate presence of medium clouds, which suggests the possibility of light showers. Overall, the sky is partly cloudy, which may lead to fair weather with occasional light rain."
el-pobo-20240824-193001.jpg,"The clouds are situated at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. High-altitude clouds are present to a moderate degree, indicating fair weather with some potential for incoming rain. There are no low-altitude clouds, implying clear conditions without immediate precipitation. Overall, the minimal total cloud coverage indicates a mostly clear sky with stable, fair weather."
el-pobo-20240824-203001.jpg,"The clouds are situated at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. With no high or low clouds present, the sky is mainly clear. The presence of some medium clouds indicates the possibility of light showers. Overall, the partly cloudy sky suggests fair weather with minimal cloud presence."
el-pobo-20240824-213001.jpg,"The moderate altitude of the cloud base suggests stable weather conditions. With no high or low cloud presence, the sky is mostly clear. The limited amount of medium clouds indicates stable weather with little to no precipitation. Overall, this suggests fair weather with minimal cloud coverage."
el-pobo-20240824-223001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. With no high or low clouds present and only a minimal amount of medium-level clouds, the overall sky is mostly clear. The moderate presence of medium clouds suggests potential for light showers, but generally indicates stable weather. Therefore, it is likely that the weather will remain mostly fair with no significant precipitation."
el-pobo-20240824-233001.jpg,"The clouds are at a moderate altitude, indicating stable weather conditions. There is no high or low cloud presence, suggesting clear skies at those levels. Medium clouds are moderately present, hinting at the potential for light showers. Overall, the partly cloudy sky suggests fair weather with some cloud presence, but no significant weather activity is expected."
el-pobo-20240825-053001.jpg,"The clouds are very low, indicating the potential for rain. The sky is mostly clear with minimal cloud presence. There are few low and medium clouds, suggesting stable weather conditions. Overall, the weather appears to be clear and stable with no immediate precipitation expected."
el-pobo-20240825-063001.jpg,"The clouds are at a low altitude, indicating the potential for rain. However, the sky is mostly clear with minimal cloud coverage overall. With virtually no high clouds and only a slight presence of low and medium clouds, stable weather conditions are likely. There is no immediate indication of significant weather activity, suggesting fair and calm weather."
el-pobo-20240825-073001.jpg,"The cloud base is quite low, indicating the potential for rain. However, the overall cloud coverage is minimal, with very few low and medium-altitude clouds present. This suggests that while there is some potential for light showers, significant precipitation is unlikely. The clear skies at high altitudes further indicate stable and fair weather conditions."
el-pobo-20240825-083001.jpg,"The observed cloud base is quite low, suggesting the potential for rain. High cloud presence is minimal, indicating mostly clear skies at higher altitudes. Both low and medium clouds are present but not dense, pointing to fair weather with only a slight possibility of light showers. Overall, the sky is mostly clear with minimal cloud coverage, indicating stable weather conditions."
el-pobo-20240825-093001.jpg,"The weather data suggests low altitude clouds, indicating the potential for rain. The presence of some high-altitude clouds suggests fair weather but with some incoming rain. Moderate low and medium cloud coverage suggests possible light showers. The overall partly cloudy sky indicates fair weather with some cloud presence."
el-pobo-20240825-103001.jpg,"The low altitude of the clouds suggests the potential for rain. With moderate high-altitude cloud coverage, fair weather may still be present but with some incoming rain. There is a significant presence of medium clouds, indicating changes in weather conditions and potential light showers. Overall, the mostly cloudy sky suggests overcast conditions with potential for light rain."
el-pobo-20240825-113001.jpg,"The cloud base is relatively low, indicating the potential for rain. There's a moderate presence of high-altitude clouds, suggesting fair weather with some incoming rain. The significant coverage of low-altitude clouds points to possible overcast conditions with rain or thunderstorms. Overall, the mostly cloudy sky indicates overcast conditions with a high likelihood of light rain."
el-pobo-20240825-123001.jpg,"The cloud base is quite low, indicating the potential for rain. High-altitude clouds are sparse, which suggests fair weather is unlikely. There is a moderate presence of medium clouds, hinting at potential light showers. Overall, the sky has a partly cloudy appearance, suggesting fair weather with some cloud presence."
el-pobo-20240825-133001.jpg,"The cloud base is low, indicating potential for rain. High clouds are minimal, suggesting clear skies at higher altitudes. There is a moderate presence of low clouds, which suggests possible light showers, and some medium clouds that indicate stable weather conditions. Overall, the sky is partly cloudy, indicating fair weather with some cloud presence."
el-pobo-20240825-143001.jpg,"The cloud base is quite low, indicating potential for rain. High-altitude clouds are minimal, suggesting clear skies overall. Low and medium clouds are sparse, pointing to stable weather conditions with no significant precipitation. Overall, the sky is partly cloudy, suggesting fair weather with some cloud presence."
el-pobo-20240825-153001.jpg,"The cloud base is quite low, indicating a strong potential for rain. There is moderate coverage of low and medium clouds, both suggesting possible light to moderate showers. High cloud presence is minimal, indicating no significant weather changes from high altitudes. Overall, the sky is mostly cloudy, which supports the likelihood of rain or overcast conditions."
el-pobo-20240825-163001.jpg,"The cloud base is relatively low, indicating the potential for rain. There is a significant presence of medium clouds and moderate low cloud coverage, suggesting possible light showers or rain. High clouds are also present, indicating potential changes in weather patterns. The overall cloud coverage is mostly cloudy, indicating overcast conditions with a likelihood of light rain."
el-pobo-20240825-173001.jpg,"The cloud base is quite low, indicating the potential for rain. High cloud cover is significant, suggesting possible changes in weather. Medium clouds are also present in moderate amounts, indicating the potential for light showers. With the sky being mostly overcast, there is a high likelihood of continuous rain."
el-pobo-20240825-183001.jpg,"The low altitude of the clouds indicates a strong potential for rain. High-altitude clouds are dense, suggesting significant weather changes are imminent. There is a notable presence of low clouds, indicating overcast conditions with potential heavy rain or cyclonic activity. Overall, the sky is almost entirely covered, likely leading to continuous rain or severe weather."
el-pobo-20240825-193001.jpg,"With clouds forming at a relatively low altitude, the sky is dominated by dense clouds, indicating the likelihood of rain. The presence of a significant amount of high-altitude clouds suggests a potential change in weather patterns, possibly due to an approaching front. Medium-level clouds are present but less dense, indicating possible light showers. Overall, the nearly complete cloud coverage points to continuous rain or even cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240825-203001.jpg,"The low altitude of the clouds suggests the potential for rain. With minimal presence of high, low, and medium clouds, the sky is partly cloudy, indicating fair weather with some cloud presence. The overall cloud coverage does not suggest any significant weather activity. Therefore, the current conditions are relatively stable and unlikely to result in immediate precipitation."
el-pobo-20240825-213001.jpg,"The relatively low altitude of the clouds suggests the potential for rain. There is a minimal presence of high-altitude clouds, indicating mostly clear skies above. The moderate presence of low and medium clouds points to possible light showers. Overall, the partly cloudy sky suggests fair weather with some potential for intermittent rain."
el-pobo-20240825-223001.jpg,"The low altitude of the clouds suggests a potential for rain. The presence of high clouds is minimal, indicating relatively clear skies at higher altitudes. Moderate amounts of low and medium clouds suggest partly cloudy conditions with a possibility of light showers. Overall, the sky is partly cloudy, indicating fair weather with some cloud presence but no significant weather activity expected."
el-pobo-20240825-233001.jpg,"The cloud base is relatively low, suggesting the potential for rain. There is a moderate presence of low clouds, which could lead to light showers. The medium clouds are sparse, indicating stable weather with limited precipitation. Overall, the sky is partly cloudy, suggesting fair weather with some cloud presence but no significant weather activity expected."
el-pobo-20240826-053001.jpg,"The observed cloud base is very low, indicating the potential for rain. The significant presence of low clouds suggests overcast conditions with a high likelihood of rain or thunderstorms. Medium clouds contribute to the overall cloudiness, supporting the possibility of light rain. The overall mostly cloudy sky confirms the potential for rainy weather."
el-pobo-20240826-063001.jpg,"The cloud cover is predominantly low and dense, indicating heavy rain or thunderstorms are likely. The cloud base is extremely low, reinforcing the likelihood of immediate precipitation. Medium clouds contribute to the overcast conditions, suggesting unstable weather. Overall, the mostly overcast sky points to continuous rain or potentially cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240826-073001.jpg,"The very low altitude of the clouds suggests a high potential for rain. There is minimal presence of high-altitude clouds, indicating clear skies higher up. However, the significant presence of low clouds and moderate amount of medium clouds point to overcast conditions with potential for light rain. Overall, the mostly cloudy sky indicates overcast conditions, possibly leading to rain."
el-pobo-20240826-083001.jpg,"Low-altitude clouds dominate the sky, indicating a strong potential for rain. With no high-altitude clouds present, the weather pattern is influenced primarily by the low and medium clouds. The significant presence of low clouds suggests overcast conditions. Overall, the mostly cloudy sky and dense low clouds suggest the likelihood of rain."
el-pobo-20240826-093001.jpg,"The clouds are forming at a very low altitude, indicating a strong potential for rain. With significant low cloud coverage, overcast conditions with heavy rain are likely. Medium cloud presence is minimal, suggesting that the rain might not be prolonged but could be intense. The overall cloud coverage is mostly cloudy, reinforcing the likelihood of rain or thunderstorms."
el-pobo-20240826-103001.jpg,"The clouds are at a very low altitude, indicating a significant potential for rain. There are few high-altitude clouds, suggesting no major weather changes from above. Moderate low cloud coverage, combined with some medium clouds, hints at overcast conditions with possible light rain. Overall, the mostly cloudy sky suggests that rain is likely, though it may not be heavy."
el-pobo-20240826-113001.jpg,"The very low altitude of the clouds indicates a strong potential for rain. There is moderate high cloud coverage suggesting fair weather, but this is overshadowed by the significant presence of low clouds, indicating overcast conditions with potential for heavy rain. The medium clouds are moderate, hinting at possible light showers. Overall, the mostly cloudy sky suggests overcast conditions with an impending rainstorm."
el-pobo-20240826-123001.jpg,"The low altitude of the clouds indicates the potential for rain. There are no high-altitude clouds present, suggesting minimal influence from higher atmospheric conditions. However, the significant presence of dense low clouds and moderate mid-level clouds points towards overcast conditions with likely heavy rain. The overall cloud coverage is very high, further supporting the likelihood of continuous rain or possibly cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240826-133001.jpg,"The very low altitude of the clouds indicates the potential for rain. There are no high-altitude clouds, suggesting that the weather is not fair. The significant presence of low clouds, combined with a moderate amount of mid-level clouds, suggests overcast conditions. The mostly cloudy sky with medium to dense low clouds indicates that heavy rain is likely."
el-pobo-20240826-143001.jpg,"The moderate altitude of the clouds suggests stable weather conditions. The absence of high clouds indicates clear skies at higher altitudes. There is a moderate presence of low clouds, while mid-level clouds are significantly present, suggesting changes in weather with possible light showers. Overall, the mostly cloudy sky points to overcast conditions with light rain possible."
el-pobo-20240826-153001.jpg,"The moderate altitude of the clouds suggests stable weather conditions. With no significant presence of high-altitude clouds, the skies are relatively clear. The low presence of low clouds indicates fair weather, while the significant presence of mid-level clouds suggests a potential for light showers. Overall, the mostly cloudy sky indicates overcast conditions with some potential for minor precipitation."
el-pobo-20240826-163001.jpg,"The moderate altitude of the clouds suggests stable weather conditions. There are few high-altitude clouds, indicating clear skies overall, but a significant presence of medium clouds suggests potential for light showers. The low cloud coverage is minimal, which aligns with fair weather. The overall cloud coverage is mostly cloudy, indicating overcast conditions with a slight chance of light rain."
el-pobo-20240826-173001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. There are no high-altitude clouds, indicating clear skies at higher levels. Low clouds are minimal, implying fair weather, but the significant presence of medium clouds suggests potential for light showers. Overall, the sky is mostly cloudy, indicating overcast conditions with possible light rain."
el-pobo-20240826-183001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. High cloud presence is minimal, indicating clear skies, while the significant presence of medium clouds suggests potential for light showers. The overall cloud coverage is partly cloudy, indicating fair weather with some cloud presence yet no immediate severe weather indications."
el-pobo-20240826-193001.jpg,"The altitude of the clouds suggests stable weather conditions. High clouds are absent, indicating clear skies at higher altitudes. There is a moderate presence of medium clouds, which suggests potential for light showers, while the minimal low clouds indicate fair weather. Overall, the partly cloudy sky suggests fair weather with a slight chance of light rain."
el-pobo-20240826-203001.jpg,"The clouds are at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. There are no high-altitude clouds, indicating clear skies and the potential for clear weather. The presence of medium clouds suggests the possibility of light showers, but the overall cloud coverage is partly cloudy, indicating fair weather with some cloud presence. Therefore, no significant weather activity is expected."
el-pobo-20240826-213001.jpg,"The clouds are situated at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. There are minimal high clouds, indicating clear skies and potential for fair weather. The presence of few low clouds and some medium clouds suggests no immediate precipitation, with a partly cloudy sky overall. This scenario points to stable and fair weather without significant weather activity."
el-pobo-20240826-223001.jpg,"The cloud base is situated at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. There are no high-altitude clouds, indicating clear skies and potential for clear weather. The presence of low and medium clouds is minimal, suggesting stable weather with no significant precipitation. Overall, the sky is mostly clear, indicating no significant weather activity."
el-pobo-20240826-233001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. With no high or low clouds present and only a minimal amount of medium clouds, the overall sky is mostly clear. This indicates a stable atmosphere with no significant weather activity. Fair weather is expected to continue, with no precipitation likely."
el-pobo-20240827-053001.jpg,"The clouds are very low, indicating a strong potential for rain. The sky is completely covered with dense low clouds, suggesting heavy rain or cyclonic activity. High clouds are sparse, pointing towards significant weather changes. The overall overcast conditions indicate imminent and continuous precipitation."
el-pobo-20240827-063001.jpg,"Low, dense clouds dominate the sky, indicating heavy rain with a significantly low altitude. The minimal presence of high and medium clouds suggests that the weather is heavily influenced by these low clouds. The sky is completely overcast, leading to continuous rain. This combination of cloud patterns could also hint at cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240827-073001.jpg,"The clouds are at a very low altitude, strongly indicating the potential for heavy rain. The sky is completely overcast with dense low clouds dominating, suggesting overcast conditions with heavy precipitation likely. There are minimal high and medium clouds, which does not significantly alter the overall outlook. Overall, the weather is likely to be rainy, with a strong possibility of thunderstorms."
el-pobo-20240827-083001.jpg,"The sky is dominated by very low, dense clouds, indicating heavy rain or thunderstorms. With no high or medium clouds present, the focus is solely on the significant low cloud coverage, which suggests overcast conditions and potential for cyclonic activity. The extremely low altitude of the clouds further reinforces the likelihood of heavy precipitation."
el-pobo-20240827-093001.jpg,"The clouds are situated at a very low altitude, strongly indicating the potential for rain. There is a significant presence of dense low clouds, suggesting overcast conditions with heavy rain. The absence of high and medium clouds points towards a stable atmosphere otherwise, but the dense low clouds dominate the weather scenario. Overall, the sky is mostly overcast, likely leading to continuous rain."
el-pobo-20240827-103001.jpg,"The clouds are at a low altitude, indicating the potential for rain. There are no high or medium clouds present, suggesting stable weather conditions at higher altitudes. The moderate presence of low clouds suggests possible light showers. Overall, the partly cloudy sky indicates fair weather with some cloud presence and a chance of light rain."
el-pobo-20240827-113001.jpg,"The cloud base is very low, indicating the potential for rain. There are no high or medium clouds present, suggesting that the weather is primarily influenced by the low clouds. The dense low cloud cover is significant, suggesting overcast conditions with heavy rain or the possibility of cyclonic activity. Overall, the sky is almost completely overcast, likely leading to continuous rain."
el-pobo-20240827-123001.jpg,"The cloud base is very low, indicating the potential for rain. The absence of high clouds suggests no significant weather changes from above. The high presence of low clouds implies overcast conditions with heavy rain or potential cyclonic activity. The overall sky is completely overcast, likely leading to continuous rain."
el-pobo-20240827-133001.jpg,"The clouds are at a very low altitude, which indicates the potential for rain. There are no high or low clouds present, suggesting clear skies at those levels. However, the moderate presence of mid-level clouds suggests the potential for light showers. The overall partly cloudy sky points towards fair weather with some possible cloud presence."
el-pobo-20240827-143001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. The minimal presence of high clouds indicates clear skies with no significant weather activity. Low and medium clouds are sparse, reinforcing the likelihood of fair weather. Overall, the partly cloudy sky suggests no immediate precipitation, implying stable and calm weather."
el-pobo-20240827-153001.jpg,"The moderate altitude of the cloud base suggests stable weather conditions. The high cloud coverage indicates some incoming rain, while the minimal presence of low clouds suggests fair weather. Medium clouds are present but not dense, suggesting the possibility of light showers. Overall, the sky is mostly cloudy with the potential for light rain."
el-pobo-20240827-163001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. There is a moderate presence of high-altitude clouds, which could indicate fair weather with some incoming rain. Low cloud presence is minimal, suggesting overall clear weather at the lower levels. However, the significant coverage of medium clouds and a mostly cloudy sky suggest potential light rain or showers."
el-pobo-20240827-173001.jpg,"The relatively moderate altitude of the cloud base suggests stable weather conditions. With a significant presence of high clouds, there is a potential for changes in the weather, possibly indicating an approaching front. The presence of medium clouds at a moderate level suggests the possibility of light showers. The overall mostly cloudy sky points to overcast conditions, which could lead to light rain."
el-pobo-20240827-183002.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. High cloud cover is dense, indicating significant weather changes associated with an anticyclone. There are no low clouds present, pointing towards clear or fair weather at lower altitudes. However, the total cloud coverage is quite high, suggesting overcast conditions with potential for light rain or other weather changes."
el-pobo-20240827-193001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. High cloud coverage is dense, indicating an approaching front or significant weather changes, often associated with an anticyclone. There are no low clouds, which typically indicate clear or fair weather. Overall, the sky is mostly overcast, suggesting potential for continuous rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240827-203001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. There is a moderate presence of high-altitude clouds, indicating fair weather with some potential for incoming rain. The absence of low clouds suggests clear or fair weather without significant rain. The overall cloud coverage is mostly cloudy, indicating overcast conditions with a potential for light rain."
el-pobo-20240827-213001.jpg,"The clouds are at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. High-altitude clouds are minimal, indicating clear skies and potential for fair weather. There are few mid-level clouds, which might suggest very light showers, but the overall cloud coverage is partly cloudy. This overall suggests fair weather with no significant precipitation expected."
el-pobo-20240827-223001.jpg,"The altitude of the clouds suggests stable weather conditions. High-altitude clouds are minimal, indicating clear skies. Both low and mid-level clouds are sparse, suggesting fair weather with little to no precipitation. Overall, the sky is mostly clear, indicating no significant weather activity."
el-pobo-20240827-233001.jpg,"The clouds are at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. There are few high-altitude clouds, indicating clear skies and potential for clear weather. Low and medium clouds are present but not dense, suggesting fair weather with only a slight chance of light showers. The overall cloud coverage is low, indicating no significant weather activity."
el-pobo-20240828-053001.jpg,"Low altitude clouds dominate, indicating the potential for rain. The absence of high clouds suggests that the weather might not involve significant changes from above. With minimal mid-level clouds, the primary focus remains on the dense low clouds. The overall cloud coverage is mostly overcast, likely leading to continuous rain."
el-pobo-20240828-063002.jpg,"The clouds are situated at a very low altitude, strongly indicating the potential for rain. There is a dominant presence of low, dense clouds, which suggests overcast conditions likely leading to heavy rain or thunderstorms. The minimal presence of medium clouds does not significantly impact the overall weather prediction. With the sky being mostly overcast, continuous rain is highly probable."
el-pobo-20240828-073001.jpg,"The significantly low altitude of the clouds, combined with the dense presence of low clouds, suggests heavy rain is likely. The minimal presence of high and medium clouds indicates that most of the sky is dominated by low, thick clouds. The overall high cloud coverage further supports the likelihood of overcast conditions with continuous rainfall. This pattern is indicative of substantial precipitation, possibly with thunderstorms."
el-pobo-20240828-083001.jpg,"The very low altitude of clouds indicates the potential for rain. With nearly 80% of the sky covered by dense, low-altitude clouds, it is highly likely to experience heavy rainfall. The minimal presence of mid-level clouds suggests that the overcast conditions are primarily driven by thick low clouds. Overall, the sky is almost completely overcast, pointing towards continuous rain."
el-pobo-20240828-093001.jpg,"The very low altitude of the cloud base indicates the potential for rain. With dense low clouds dominating the sky, it's likely to experience heavy rain or cyclonic activity. The moderate presence of medium clouds adds to the overcast conditions, suggesting an unstable atmosphere. The overall cloud coverage is nearly complete, indicating continuous rain or significant weather changes."
el-pobo-20240828-103002.jpg,"The clouds are at a low altitude, suggesting a strong potential for rain. There are no high-altitude clouds present, which typically indicates clear weather at higher levels. The moderate presence of low clouds and minimal medium clouds suggests a fair chance of light showers. Overall, the sky is partly cloudy, indicating fair weather with some cloud presence and potential for light rain."
el-pobo-20240828-113001.jpg,"The cloud base is very low, indicating a high potential for rain. The absence of high and medium clouds suggests that the weather might be stable at higher altitudes. The moderate presence of low clouds points towards possible light showers. Overall, the sky is partly covered with clouds, suggesting fair weather with some cloud presence and a slight chance of rain."
el-pobo-20240828-123001.jpg,"Given the very low altitude of the cloud base, there's a significant potential for rain. The minimal presence of high clouds suggests clear skies with no significant weather activity from high altitudes. The sparse coverage of low and medium clouds indicates that the sky is mostly clear, with stable weather conditions prevailing. Overall, the minimal total cloud coverage points towards fair weather with no immediate signs of precipitation."
el-pobo-20240828-133001.jpg,"The clouds are at a very low altitude, indicating the potential for rain. There are no high or low clouds present, suggesting that higher altitude weather systems are not currently influential. There is a moderate presence of mid-level clouds, which could suggest the potential for light showers. Overall, the sky is partly cloudy, indicating generally fair weather with some cloud presence."
el-pobo-20240828-143001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. There is a minimal presence of high clouds, indicating clear skies and potential for fair weather. Medium clouds are moderately present, suggesting the possibility of light showers. Overall, the sky is partly cloudy, indicating fair weather with some cloud presence."
el-pobo-20240828-153001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. High-altitude clouds are sparse, indicating clear skies and potential for fair weather. There are no low clouds present, which reinforces the likelihood of clear weather. With moderate medium cloud coverage and overall partly cloudy skies, the conditions suggest fair weather with minimal chances of precipitation."
el-pobo-20240828-163001.jpg,"The clouds are at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. There is a moderate presence of high clouds which could indicate fair weather with some possibility of incoming rain. The absence of low clouds points towards clear skies. Overall, the sky is partly cloudy, suggesting fair weather with no immediate significant weather activity."
el-pobo-20240828-173001.jpg,"The clouds are at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. There is a moderate presence of high-altitude clouds, indicating fair weather with some incoming rain. Medium-level clouds suggest potential for light showers, but the absence of low clouds indicates no immediate heavy rainfall. Overall, the mostly cloudy sky suggests overcast conditions with potential for light rain but no significant weather changes."
el-pobo-20240828-193001.jpg,"The clouds are at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. High cloud cover is dense, indicating an approaching front or significant weather changes, possibly associated with an anticyclone. There are few to no low clouds, indicating clear or fair weather, while the moderate presence of medium clouds suggests potential for light showers. Overall, the sky is mostly overcast, indicating overcast conditions with potential for light rain."
el-pobo-20240828-203001.jpg,"The altitude of the clouds suggests stable weather conditions. There is a significant presence of high clouds, indicating potential changes in weather, possibly associated with an anticyclone. The complete lack of low clouds points to fair weather without immediate precipitation. However, the overall dense cloud coverage suggests that an approaching front or significant weather change is likely."
el-pobo-20240828-213001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. The sky is predominantly covered by high clouds, indicating an approaching front or significant weather changes. There are few medium clouds, which suggests minimal precipitation in the near term. Overall, the high total cloud coverage implies overcast conditions, potentially indicating a shift in weather patterns, possibly related to an anticyclone."
el-pobo-20240828-223001.jpg,"The clouds are situated at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. The sky is heavily covered by high-altitude clouds, which can indicate significant weather changes or an approaching front, often associated with an anticyclone. There are minimal low clouds, suggesting that heavy rain is not imminent, but the presence of some medium clouds indicates potential for light showers. Overall, the nearly complete cloud cover points to overcast conditions with possible mild weather variations."
el-pobo-20240828-233001.jpg,"The moderate altitude of the clouds suggests stable weather conditions. However, the sky is heavily covered by high clouds, indicating significant weather changes potentially associated with an anticyclone. The negligible presence of low clouds suggests minimal immediate precipitation. Overall, the nearly complete cloud coverage implies an overcast sky, possibly leading to light showers or just maintaining overcast conditions."
el-pobo-20240829-053001.jpg,"The sky is predominantly overcast with a very low altitude base, indicating the potential for heavy rain. High cloud density suggests significant weather changes, while a notable presence of low clouds further points to overcast conditions with heavy rain or possible cyclonic activity. Medium clouds are present but not dense, adding to the overall overcast sky. The total cloud coverage being high indicates a likelihood of continuous rain."
el-pobo-20240829-063001.jpg,"The cloud base is very low, indicating the strong potential for rain. The sky is almost completely covered with clouds, with a significant presence of high clouds suggesting substantial weather changes. Dense low cloud cover indicates overcast conditions, likely leading to heavy rain or cyclonic activity. The minimal presence of medium clouds does not significantly alter the outlook, which points to severe weather."
el-pobo-20240829-073001.jpg,"The very low altitude of the clouds, combined with the dense presence of low clouds, indicates heavy rain and possibly cyclonic activity. The high cloud cover suggests significant weather changes are imminent. Medium clouds are sparse but contribute to the overall overcast conditions. The sky is completely covered with clouds, leading to continuous rain and potentially severe weather."
el-pobo-20240829-083001.jpg,"The sky is completely overcast with dense, low-altitude clouds dominating, indicating heavy rain. High cloud cover is also dense, suggesting significant weather changes and the potential for an anticyclone. The very low altitude of the cloud base reinforces the likelihood of continuous rain or cyclonic activity. With minimal medium cloud presence, the primary weather concern is the low dense clouds leading to heavy precipitation."
el-pobo-20240829-093001.jpg,"The sky is completely overcast, indicating the likelihood of continuous rain. Dense low clouds suggest overcast conditions with heavy rain or possibly cyclonic activity. The high density of high-altitude clouds points to significant weather changes, likely associated with a cyclone. The very low altitude of the cloud base reinforces the potential for rain and severe weather."
el-pobo-20240829-103001.jpg,"The cloud base is very low, indicating the potential for rain. High clouds are dense, suggesting significant weather changes or an approaching front, possibly linked to an anticyclone. Low cloud presence is minimal, implying that while there is some cloud cover, it may not be sufficient to bring heavy rain. Medium clouds are almost non-existent, which further reduces the likelihood of immediate heavy showers. Overall, the sky is mostly overcast, indicating continuous but possibly light rain or a stable atmosphere without severe weather."
el-pobo-20240829-113001.jpg,"The cloud base is very low, suggesting the potential for rain. The presence of high clouds is moderate, indicating fair weather with some incoming rain. Low and medium clouds are minimal, implying stable weather with little chance of immediate precipitation. Overall, the mostly cloudy sky suggests overcast conditions with potential for light rain."
el-pobo-20240829-123002.jpg,"The clouds are at a very low altitude, indicating a high potential for rain. There is a significant presence of high-altitude clouds, suggesting possible changes in weather or an approaching front. The sky is mostly cloudy, leading to overcast conditions with a potential for light rain. Overall, the data suggests that rain is likely imminent."
el-pobo-20240829-133001.jpg,"The cloud base is extremely low, indicating the potential for significant precipitation. There is a dense presence of high clouds, suggesting an approaching front or significant weather changes. The considerable coverage of low and medium clouds points to overcast conditions with potential for heavy rain or thunderstorms. Overall, the sky is almost completely overcast, likely leading to continuous rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240829-143001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. However, there is dense high cloud cover, indicating significant weather changes, possibly associated with an anticyclone. The presence of substantial low and medium clouds implies overcast conditions with a high likelihood of continuous rain or cyclonic activity. The overall sky is completely overcast, reinforcing the potential for severe weather."
el-pobo-20240829-153001.jpg,"The moderate altitude of the cloud base suggests stable weather conditions. However, the high density of clouds at all levels, particularly the substantial high cloud cover, indicates significant weather changes. The dense low and medium clouds suggest overcast conditions with potential for continuous rain or storms. The sky is almost completely overcast, pointing towards possible cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240829-163001.jpg,"The moderately high altitude of the clouds suggests stable weather conditions. However, the significant presence of high clouds indicates possible changes in weather. The moderate to significant coverage of low and medium clouds suggests a potential for light to moderate rain. Given the high total cloud coverage, the sky is mostly overcast, likely leading to continuous rain or even cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240829-173001.jpg,"The cloud altitude suggests stable weather conditions. However, the sky is nearly completely overcast with dense high cloud cover, indicating significant weather changes, possibly associated with an anticyclone. The moderate presence of medium and low clouds suggests potential for continuous rain or storms. Overall, expect overcast skies with likely precipitation and changing weather patterns."
el-pobo-20240829-183001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. High-level clouds are densely present, indicating significant weather changes on the horizon. There is a moderate presence of low clouds and a significant amount of medium clouds, suggesting potential for light to moderate precipitation. The sky is almost completely overcast, likely leading to continuous rain or potentially cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240829-193001.jpg,"The clouds are at a moderate altitude, suggesting relatively stable weather conditions. There is significant coverage of high-altitude clouds, indicating possible changes in weather. The moderate presence of medium clouds and minimal low clouds suggest a stable atmosphere with potential for light showers. However, the overall high total cloud coverage indicates mostly overcast skies, potentially leading to some precipitation."
el-pobo-20240829-203001.jpg,"The clouds are situated at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. There is a dense presence of high-altitude clouds, indicating an approaching front or significant weather changes, commonly associated with an anticyclone. The absence of low clouds and a minimal amount of medium clouds suggest no immediate precipitation. Overall, the sky is mostly covered, which could lead to overcast conditions, but significant rainfall is unlikely."
el-pobo-20240829-213001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. High clouds are present at a fair amount, indicating some potential for weather changes. Medium clouds are dense, suggesting potential for continuous rain or storms. Overall, the sky is mostly overcast, likely leading to continuous rain or significant weather changes."
el-pobo-20240829-223001.jpg,"The clouds are at a moderate altitude, suggesting stable weather conditions. However, the dense high-altitude clouds indicate significant weather changes, potentially associated with an anticyclone. Low cloud presence is minimal, hinting at clear or fair weather at lower levels. The thick mid-level clouds and almost complete sky coverage suggest potential for continuous rain or storms, with an unstable atmosphere."
el-pobo-20240829-233001.jpg,"The moderate altitude of the cloud base suggests stable weather conditions. High-altitude clouds are somewhat present, indicating potential changes in weather. With medium clouds showing a significant presence and low clouds being minimal, light showers could be possible. The overall mostly cloudy sky suggests overcast conditions with potential for light rain."
el-pobo-20240830-053001.jpg,"The extremely low altitude of the clouds suggests a strong potential for rain. The significant presence of high-altitude clouds indicates possible changes in the weather. However, the minimal presence of low and medium clouds suggests that heavy rain is not yet imminent. With the sky mostly covered, overcast conditions are likely, potentially leading to light rain or a shift towards more severe weather conditions."
el-pobo-20240830-063001.jpg,"The extremely low cloud base indicates a strong potential for rain. With a significant presence of high clouds, weather changes are likely imminent. The moderate total cloud coverage suggests overcast conditions, while the minimal low and medium cloud presence implies that while rain is possible, it might not be heavy. Overall, the data points to an incoming weather change with potential light showers."
el-pobo-20240830-073001.jpg,"The low altitude of the clouds indicates the potential for rain. The presence of moderate high-altitude clouds suggests fair weather with some incoming rain. The minimal coverage of low and medium clouds indicates a stable atmosphere with light showers possible. Overall, the mostly cloudy sky points to overcast conditions with potential for light rain."
el-pobo-20240830-083001.jpg,"The low altitude of the clouds suggests the potential for rain. There is a moderate presence of low clouds, which can indicate possible light showers. The mid-level clouds are sparse, reinforcing the likelihood of light precipitation rather than heavy rain. Overall, with more than half of the sky covered by clouds, overcast conditions with light rain are likely."
el-pobo-20240830-093001.jpg,"The cloud base is extremely low, indicating a strong potential for rain. There is a moderate presence of high clouds, suggesting possible changes in weather. The significant amount of low clouds indicates overcast conditions with potential for rain or thunderstorms. Overall, the mostly cloudy sky with over 50% total cloud coverage suggests likely light rain or overcast conditions."
el-pobo-20240830-103001.jpg,"The clouds are at a low altitude, suggesting the potential for rain. High-altitude clouds are minimal, indicating that fair weather is not dominant. Medium-level clouds are moderately present, suggesting possible light showers. The overall cloud coverage is over half the sky, indicating overcast conditions with potential for light rain."
el-pobo-20240830-113001.jpg,"The cloud base is very low, indicating the potential for rain. There is minimal high cloud presence, suggesting generally clear skies. The moderate amount of medium clouds points to the possibility of light showers. Overall, the sky is partly cloudy, suggesting fair weather with some cloud presence but no significant weather activity."
el-pobo-20240830-123002.jpg,"The clouds are at a very low altitude, indicating the potential for rain. The sky is completely overcast with dense high-altitude clouds, suggesting significant weather changes. There is a moderate presence of medium clouds, hinting at the possibility of light showers. Overall, the conditions point towards imminent rain, likely accompanied by unstable weather."
el-pobo-20240830-133001.jpg,"The sky is dominated by a very low cloud base, indicating the potential for rain. High-level clouds are densely present, suggesting significant weather changes, possibly associated with an anticyclone. There is a moderate presence of low clouds, which points to potential light showers. The overall sky is almost completely overcast, likely leading to continuous rain."
el-pobo-20240830-143001.jpg,"The current weather conditions suggest densely packed low clouds at a very low altitude, indicating heavy rain. The sky is nearly completely overcast with a significant presence of high clouds, which may suggest an approaching front or significant weather changes. Despite moderate medium cloud presence, the overall dense cloud coverage points to continuous rain. The conditions are indicative of cyclonic activity due to the combination of low cloud base and extensive cloud cover."
el-pobo-20240830-153001.jpg,"Low altitude clouds are present, indicating the potential for rain. The high cloud cover is dense, suggesting an approaching front or significant weather changes, typically associated with an anticyclone. Moderate presence of both low and medium clouds suggests possible light showers and overcast conditions. The sky is almost completely overcast, likely leading to continuous rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240830-163001.jpg,"The very low altitude of the clouds suggests a high potential for rain. The sky is predominantly covered by dense high clouds, indicating significant weather changes. Moderate presence of low clouds combined with minimal medium clouds points towards overcast conditions with heavy rain. Overall, the sky is almost completely overcast, strongly suggesting continuous rain and possibly stormy weather."
el-pobo-20240830-173001.jpg,"The low altitude of the cloud base suggests a potential for rain. The significant presence of high clouds, combined with the minimal low and medium clouds, indicates possible changes in weather but not immediately severe conditions. The overall cloud coverage is mostly cloudy, which suggests overcast conditions with potential for light rain. Given the data, it is likely that the weather may turn rainy, but currently, it is not severe."
el-pobo-20240830-183001.jpg,"The cloud base is relatively low, indicating potential for rain. There is a moderate presence of high-altitude clouds with some mid-level clouds, suggesting fair weather with possible light showers. The sky is partly cloudy overall, suggesting generally stable weather conditions with some cloud presence. No significant weather activity is expected at this time."
el-pobo-20240830-193001.jpg,"The low altitude of the clouds indicates the potential for rain. High-altitude clouds suggest fair weather with some incoming rain. The minimal presence of low and medium clouds indicates stable weather conditions. Overall, the sky is partly cloudy, suggesting fair weather with some cloud presence, but rain is not imminent."
el-pobo-20240830-203001.jpg,"The low altitude of the cloud base suggests the potential for rain. The sky is predominantly covered by high-altitude clouds, indicating significant weather changes, possibly linked to an anticyclone. The presence of some low and medium clouds supports the likelihood of overcast conditions. Overall, the almost complete cloud coverage points to continuous rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240830-213001.jpg,"The cloud base is low, indicating the potential for rain. High-altitude clouds are dense, suggesting significant weather changes, possibly associated with an anticyclone. The presence of low clouds is minimal, indicating a low likelihood of immediate heavy rain. Overall, the sky is almost completely overcast, which could lead to continuous rain or indicate cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240830-223001.jpg,"The sky is dominated by dense high clouds, covering nearly the entire sky, suggesting an approaching front or significant weather changes. The low cloud base at around 678 meters and the moderate presence of low clouds indicate a potential for rain. Though medium clouds are minimal, the overall heavy cloud coverage and low cloud base point towards imminent rain. The conditions suggest a high likelihood of continuous rain or possibly cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240830-233001.jpg,"The cloud base is quite low, indicating the potential for rain. There is a significant amount of high-altitude cloud cover, suggesting an approaching front or significant weather changes, often associated with an anticyclone. The minimal presence of low and medium clouds indicates that the weather might not be overly severe at ground level. However, the nearly complete total cloud coverage suggests overcast conditions, likely leading to continuous rain."
el-pobo-20240831-053001.jpg,"The cloud base is quite low, indicating a strong potential for rain. The sky is almost completely covered with clouds, suggesting continuous rain. There is a significant presence of medium clouds, which further supports the likelihood of rain or thunderstorms. High cloud coverage is dense, hinting at considerable weather changes, possibly associated with an approaching front."
el-pobo-20240831-063001.jpg,"The clouds are at a low altitude, indicating the potential for rain. There are dense high-altitude clouds, suggesting significant weather changes, potentially associated with an anticyclone. Medium clouds are moderately present, indicating possible light showers. Overall, the sky is almost completely overcast, which likely leads to continuous rain."
el-pobo-20240831-073001.jpg,"The cloud base is relatively low, suggesting the potential for rain. High clouds are densely packed, indicating significant weather changes and possibly an approaching front. Medium clouds are moderately present, which could lead to light showers. The sky is almost completely overcast, likely leading to continuous rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240831-083002.jpg,"The clouds are at a low altitude, indicating a high potential for rain. The sky is completely overcast with dense high-altitude clouds, suggesting significant weather changes. There are moderate mid-level clouds present, which might lead to light showers. Overall, the conditions point toward imminent rain with a stable atmosphere and significant cloud coverage."
el-pobo-20240831-093001.jpg,"The relatively low altitude of the cloud base suggests the potential for rain. The sky exhibits dense high cloud cover, indicating an approaching front or significant weather changes, often linked to anticyclones. With minimal low clouds and moderate mid-level clouds, there is potential for light showers. Overall, the almost completely overcast sky is likely to lead to continuous rain."
el-pobo-20240831-103001.jpg,"The cloud base is relatively low, indicating the potential for rain. There is a significant presence of high-altitude clouds, suggesting an approaching front or significant weather changes. Medium clouds are moderately present, indicating potential for light showers, while low clouds are dense, further suggesting overcast conditions. The sky is almost completely overcast, likely leading to continuous rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240831-113001.jpg,"The clouds are situated at a low altitude, indicating the potential for rain. The sky is mostly covered with clouds, suggesting overcast conditions with a likelihood of light rain. The significant presence of medium clouds further supports the possibility of imminent rain. Overall, the weather points towards overcast conditions with light showers expected."
el-pobo-20240831-123001.jpg,"The clouds are at a low altitude, indicating the potential for rain. High-altitude clouds are moderately present, suggesting fair weather with some incoming rain. There are no low clouds, which typically indicates clear or fair weather, but the significant presence of mid-level clouds suggests potential for light showers. Overall, the sky is mostly cloudy, indicating overcast conditions with potential for light rain."
el-pobo-20240831-133001.jpg,"The moderate altitude of the cloud base suggests stable weather conditions. The presence of a significant amount of high-altitude clouds indicates possible changes in weather, while the absence of low clouds suggests no immediate heavy rain. However, the moderate presence of medium clouds could hint at potential light showers. The overall mostly cloudy sky implies overcast conditions with a slight chance of light rain."
el-pobo-20240831-143001.jpg,"The clouds are at a low altitude, indicating the potential for rain. The significant coverage of high clouds suggests possible changes in weather. With minimal low cloud presence and moderate medium cloud coverage, the sky is mostly cloudy. This indicates overcast conditions with the potential for light rain."
el-pobo-20240831-153001.jpg,"The clouds are situated at a relatively low altitude, indicating the potential for rain. There is a dense presence of high clouds, suggesting significant weather changes, possibly associated with an anticyclone. The low and medium clouds are minimal, but the overall sky is almost completely overcast, which could lead to continuous rain. This suggests an unstable atmosphere with an increased likelihood of precipitation."
el-pobo-20240831-163001.jpg,"The cloud base is relatively low, indicating the potential for rain. The high cloud cover is dense, suggesting significant weather changes, possibly associated with an anticyclone. There is also a moderate presence of medium clouds, which could lead to light showers, while the minimal low cloud presence suggests that any rain might not be heavy. Overall, the sky is almost completely overcast, likely leading to continuous rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240831-173001.jpg,"The clouds are at a low altitude, indicating the potential for rain. High clouds are dense, suggesting significant weather changes, possibly associated with an anticyclone. There is minimal presence of low clouds, indicating clear or fair weather in the lower atmosphere. However, the significant presence of medium clouds and completely overcast sky suggest the potential for continuous rain or storms with an unstable atmosphere."
el-pobo-20240831-183001.jpg,"The cloud base is relatively low, indicating the potential for rain. High clouds are densely present, suggesting significant weather changes or an approaching front. Low and medium clouds are moderately present, hinting at the possibility of light showers. The sky is completely overcast, likely leading to continuous rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240831-193001.jpg,"The cloud base is quite low, indicating the potential for rain. There is a significant presence of high clouds, suggesting an approaching front or significant weather changes. Low clouds are dense, indicating overcast conditions with heavy rain likely. With nearly complete cloud coverage, continuous rain or cyclonic activity is expected."
el-pobo-20240831-203002.jpg,"The clouds are at a low altitude, indicating the potential for rain. The sky has a significant presence of high clouds, suggesting an approaching front or significant weather changes. There is a moderate amount of low clouds, hinting at possible light showers, while the medium clouds are quite dense, indicating potential for continuous rain or storms. Overall, the sky is mostly overcast, likely leading to continuous rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240831-213001.jpg,"The cloud base is relatively low, indicating the potential for rain. There is a significant presence of high-altitude clouds, which suggests potential changes in weather. Moderate coverage of medium clouds indicates possible light showers. The sky is mostly overcast, likely leading to continuous rain."
el-pobo-20240831-223001.jpg,"The cloud base is relatively low, indicating the potential for rain. With a moderate presence of high-altitude clouds, the weather might remain unstable. The significant presence of medium clouds suggests potential light showers, while the minimal low cloud coverage indicates that heavy rain is less likely. Overall, the sky is mostly cloudy, indicating overcast conditions with potential for light rain."
el-pobo-20240831-233001.jpg,"The cloud base is low, indicating the potential for rain. High cloud presence is minimal, suggesting clear skies with fair weather. There are few medium clouds, which may suggest stable weather with little chance of precipitation. Overall, the sky is partly cloudy, indicating fair weather with minimal cloud presence and no immediate significant weather activity."
el-pobo-20240901-053001.jpg,"The clouds are at a low altitude, indicating a strong potential for rain. High-altitude clouds are densely present, suggesting significant weather changes, often associated with an anticyclone. The moderate presence of mid-level clouds indicates possible light showers, while the minimal low cloud coverage suggests fair weather. However, the almost complete overcast sky indicates an imminent weather event, likely continuous rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240901-063001.jpg,"The clouds are situated at a very low altitude, suggesting the potential for rain. High-altitude clouds are densely present, indicating significant weather changes and possibly an approaching front. There is a moderate presence of low-altitude clouds and minimal mid-level clouds, suggesting light showers may be possible. The sky is almost completely overcast, which could lead to continuous rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240901-073001.jpg,"The sky is heavily overcast with significant total cloud coverage, indicating potential for continuous rain. The cloud base is quite low, which further suggests the likelihood of heavy rain or thunderstorms. High clouds are densely packed, pointing towards significant weather changes and possibly an approaching front. Medium clouds are moderately present, reinforcing the prediction of worsening weather conditions."
el-pobo-20240901-083001.jpg,"The cloud base is quite low, indicating the potential for rain. High cloud cover is dense, suggesting significant weather changes and possibly an anticyclone. The low and medium cloud presence is minimal, but the overall sky is almost completely overcast. This combination suggests imminent rain or possibly even cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240901-093001.jpg,"The sky is dominated by high-altitude clouds, indicating significant weather changes. The cloud base is very low, suggesting the potential for rain. The minimal presence of low and medium clouds points to the possibility of precipitation not being immediate but likely. Overall, the high cloud cover and total cloud coverage suggest an approaching front or significant weather changes, potentially linked to cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240901-103001.jpg,"The low altitude of the clouds suggests a high potential for rain. The sky is predominantly covered, with significant high cloud presence indicating an approaching front or significant weather changes. The minimal low and medium cloud presence suggests that while immediate heavy rain may not be imminent, the overall dense cloud cover points to likely continuous rain. This combination of factors suggests a stable yet overcast atmosphere with probable rain."
el-pobo-20240901-113001.jpg,"The low altitude of the clouds indicates the potential for rain. There is a moderate presence of high-altitude clouds, suggesting possible changes in the weather. The minimal presence of low and medium clouds implies that the weather is currently stable but could shift. The overall cloud coverage being mostly cloudy indicates overcast conditions with potential for light rain."
el-pobo-20240901-123001.jpg,"The low altitude of the clouds suggests a high potential for rain. The presence of moderate high-altitude clouds indicates possible changes in weather. With a minimal amount of low clouds and significant mid-level clouds, it suggests overcast conditions with potential for light showers. The overall mostly cloudy sky further supports the likelihood of rain."
el-pobo-20240901-133001.jpg,"The cloud base is relatively low, suggesting the potential for rain. High clouds are present but not overly dense, which indicates some fair weather conditions. The moderate presence of medium clouds and minimal low clouds suggest stable weather with a possibility of light showers. Overall, the sky is mostly cloudy, pointing towards overcast conditions with potential for light rain."
el-pobo-20240901-143001.jpg,"The cloud base is relatively low, indicating the potential for rain. There is a dense presence of high-altitude clouds, suggesting significant weather changes, possibly associated with an anticyclone. The moderate presence of medium clouds and minimal low clouds suggest possible light showers. Overall, the sky is mostly overcast, likely leading to continuous rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240901-153001.jpg,"The cloud base is relatively low, indicating the potential for rain. There is dense high-altitude cloud cover, suggesting an approaching front or significant weather changes. Moderate low clouds suggest possible light showers, while significant medium clouds indicate a likelihood of rain or thunderstorms. Overall, the sky is almost completely overcast, likely leading to continuous rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240901-163001.jpg,"The cloud base is relatively low, indicating the potential for rain. The high cloud cover is dense, suggesting significant weather changes. There is a significant presence of both low and medium clouds, indicating overcast conditions with possible rain or storms. The sky is nearly completely overcast, likely leading to continuous rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240901-173001.jpg,"The relatively low altitude of the clouds suggests a potential for rain. The presence of high clouds at a moderate density indicates that the weather might change soon. The moderate density of low and medium clouds suggests that light showers could be on the horizon. The overall sky is mostly overcast, likely leading to continuous rain."
el-pobo-20240901-183001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a low altitude, indicating potential for rain. The low cloud presence is moderate, suggesting possible light showers. Medium clouds are significantly present, indicating changes in weather conditions and potential for rain or thunderstorms. Overall, the mostly cloudy sky suggests overcast conditions with a likelihood of rain."
el-pobo-20240901-193001.jpg,The low altitude of the clouds suggests the potential for rain. The moderate presence of high-altitude clouds indicates clear skies with some potential for fair weather. The moderate density of low and mid-level clouds suggests possible light showers. The overall partly cloudy sky points to fair weather with a possibility of light precipitation.
el-pobo-20240901-203001.jpg,"The cloud base is relatively low, indicating the potential for rain. The sky is dominated by dense low clouds, suggesting overcast conditions with heavy rain likely. Medium clouds are significantly present, further supporting the likelihood of continuous rain or thunderstorms. The overall cloud coverage is high, indicating that the weather will be predominantly rainy with possibly severe conditions."
el-pobo-20240901-213001.jpg,"The cloud base is relatively low, indicating the potential for rain. The significant presence of low clouds suggests overcast conditions with a high likelihood of rain or thunderstorms. Medium clouds are also quite dense, indicating changes in weather conditions and further supporting the possibility of rain. Overall, the mostly cloudy sky points towards overcast conditions with the potential for light to moderate rain."
el-pobo-20240901-223001.jpg,"The clouds are at a low altitude, indicating the potential for rain. The presence of high-altitude clouds is minimal, suggesting clear weather. Medium clouds are moderately present, suggesting potential for light showers. Overall, the sky is partly cloudy, indicating fair weather with some cloud presence."
el-pobo-20240901-233001.jpg,"The relatively low altitude of the clouds suggests the potential for rain. The presence of mid-level clouds is moderate, indicating the possibility of light showers. With some high-altitude clouds present, there might be fair weather interspersed with periods of rain. Overall, the partly cloudy sky suggests fair weather with some cloud presence, but there is a chance of light rain."
el-pobo-20240902-053001.jpg,"The sky is dominated by dense, low-altitude clouds, strongly indicating heavy rain or potential thunderstorms. Medium clouds are also significantly present, adding to the overall overcast conditions. There is a moderate amount of high-altitude clouds, suggesting potential changes in weather. The overall cloud coverage is nearly complete, making continuous rain or cyclonic activity likely."
el-pobo-20240902-063001.jpg,"The cloud cover is extensive, with a significant amount of low clouds present, suggesting overcast conditions and a high likelihood of rain. The altitude of the clouds is quite low, further indicating that heavy rain is likely. Medium clouds are moderately present, which could contribute to the overall overcast conditions. High clouds are moderately present, hinting at some potential weather changes, but the dominant low clouds suggest rain is imminent."
el-pobo-20240902-073001.jpg,"The very low altitude clouds dominate the sky, indicating potential for heavy rain. High cloud cover is dense, suggesting significant weather changes, possibly an approaching front. The sky is completely overcast with dense low cloud cover, pointing towards continuous rain or cyclonic activity. Moderate presence of medium clouds further supports the likelihood of imminent precipitation."
el-pobo-20240902-083001.jpg,"The extremely low altitude of the clouds suggests a high potential for rain. With dense low clouds completely covering the sky, heavy rain is likely. The presence of some mid-level clouds adds to the overcast conditions, reinforcing the likelihood of continuous precipitation. The significant coverage of high clouds indicates an approaching front, contributing to the potential for severe weather changes."
el-pobo-20240902-093001.jpg,"The sky is heavily dominated by low, dense clouds, indicating heavy rain with a very low cloud base. Medium clouds are present but not predominant, adding to the overcast conditions. High-altitude clouds are minimal, suggesting that the primary weather activity is at lower levels. The nearly complete cloud coverage strongly suggests continuous rain and potential cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240902-103001.jpg,"The sky is dominated by low, dense clouds, suggesting heavy rain with a very low cloud base that indicates immediate precipitation. There is a moderate presence of medium clouds, adding to the overcast conditions and reinforcing the likelihood of rain. High clouds are minimal, providing little impact on the overall weather. The overall sky is completely overcast, indicating continuous rain is highly probable."
el-pobo-20240902-113001.jpg,"The sky is dominated by low, dense clouds, indicating heavy rain with a very low base. There is also a significant presence of medium clouds, further contributing to overcast conditions. High-altitude clouds are minimal, suggesting that the primary weather activity is occurring at lower levels. The overall cloud coverage is nearly complete, likely leading to continuous rain and potentially severe weather."
el-pobo-20240902-123001.jpg,"The cloud base is very low, indicating potential for rain. The high-altitude cloud cover suggests possible changes in weather. The significant presence of low clouds indicates overcast conditions with heavy rain likely. Overall, the sky is almost completely overcast, which could lead to continuous rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240902-133001.jpg,"The very low altitude of the clouds indicates a high likelihood of rain. The presence of high-altitude clouds suggests fair weather mixed with incoming rain. With a moderate amount of low clouds and a relatively low amount of mid-level clouds, light showers are possible. The overall overcast sky suggests continuous rain, likely leading to a sustained period of precipitation."
el-pobo-20240902-143001.jpg,"The low altitude of the clouds indicates a strong potential for rain. With a significant presence of high-altitude clouds, fair weather could be disrupted by incoming rain. The moderate density of low clouds suggests overcast conditions with possible light showers. Overall, the sky is mostly cloudy, indicating potential for light rain and overcast conditions."
el-pobo-20240902-153001.jpg,"The cloud base is quite low, indicating the potential for rain. The high cloud coverage is moderate, suggesting possible changes in the weather. The low and medium clouds are present in moderate amounts, indicating potential light showers. Overall, the sky is mostly cloudy, which could lead to overcast conditions with a chance of light rain."
el-pobo-20240902-163001.jpg,"The low altitude of the clouds indicates the potential for rain. The sky exhibits a significant amount of high cloud cover, suggesting possible changes in weather. The presence of low clouds is minimal, indicating that any immediate heavy rain is unlikely. However, the overall mostly cloudy sky points to overcast conditions with potential for light rain."
el-pobo-20240902-173001.jpg,"The cloud base is quite low, indicating the potential for rain. There is moderate high cloud presence, suggesting fair weather with some incoming rain. Low and medium clouds are present but not dense, indicating possible light showers. Overall, the sky is partly cloudy, suggesting fair weather with some cloud presence and a chance of light rain."
el-pobo-20240902-183001.jpg,"The clouds are at a low altitude, indicating the potential for rain. High cloud coverage is significant, suggesting possible changes in weather. There is a moderate presence of low clouds, which implies potential light showers, while the mid-level clouds are minimal, indicating stable weather at that level. Overall, the sky is mostly cloudy, indicating overcast conditions with a likelihood of light rain."
el-pobo-20240902-193001.jpg,"The low altitude of the clouds indicates a strong potential for rain. The high level of cloud cover at higher altitudes suggests significant weather changes, possibly an approaching front. The minimal presence of low clouds points to fair weather conditions. However, the overall high percentage of cloud coverage implies an overcast sky, likely leading to continuous rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240902-203001.jpg,"The cloud base is very low, indicating the potential for rain. High-altitude clouds are dense, suggesting an approaching front or significant weather changes. Low clouds are moderately present, which may lead to light showers. Overall, the sky is almost completely overcast, likely leading to continuous rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240902-213001.jpg,"The low altitude of the cloud base indicates a strong potential for rain. The significant high cloud presence suggests upcoming changes in weather. With moderate low and medium cloud coverage, light showers are possible. The sky is mostly overcast, indicating potential for continuous rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240902-223001.jpg,"The low altitude of the clouds suggests the potential for rain. The presence of high clouds is minimal, indicating clear skies and fair weather. Both low and medium clouds are present but not dense, suggesting possible light showers. Overall, the sky is partly cloudy, implying fair weather with some cloud presence and a slight chance of precipitation."
el-pobo-20240902-233001.jpg,"The low altitude of the cloud base indicates the potential for rain. High clouds are nearly absent, suggesting clear to fair conditions at higher altitudes. Low and medium cloud coverage is present but not dense, indicating fair weather with some cloudiness and the possibility of light showers. Overall, the sky is partly cloudy, suggesting stable weather conditions with no significant weather activity expected."
el-pobo-20240903-053001.jpg,"The cloud base is very low, indicating the potential for significant rain. The sky is completely overcast, with dense high, medium, and low cloud cover, suggesting continuous rain or cyclonic activity. The high density of medium and low clouds further implies unstable atmospheric conditions. Given the high cloud coverage, this scenario points towards severe weather, potentially including heavy rain and storms."
el-pobo-20240903-063001.jpg,"The clouds are at a very low altitude, signaling the likelihood of heavy rain. There is a dense presence of high clouds, suggesting significant weather changes or an approaching front. The substantial amount of medium clouds indicates potential for continuous rain or storms, and the moderate low cloud coverage further supports this. Overall, the sky is almost completely overcast, likely leading to continuous rain and possibly cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240903-073001.jpg,"The cloud base is low, indicating a potential for rain. High-altitude clouds are moderately present, suggesting fair weather with some incoming rain. There is a significant presence of low clouds, indicating potential for overcast conditions with rain or thunderstorms. Overall, the sky is mostly cloudy, suggesting overcast conditions with potential for light rain."
el-pobo-20240903-083001.jpg,"The cloud base is extremely low, indicating a strong potential for rain. High cloud presence suggests fair weather with some incoming rain, while the dense low cloud cover signifies overcast conditions with heavy rain or cyclonic activity. The minimal presence of medium clouds indicates that the immediate weather change is not due to these clouds. With the complete cloud coverage, continuous rain or cyclonic activity is highly likely."
el-pobo-20240903-093001.jpg,"The cloud base is extremely low, indicating a strong potential for rain. The sky is nearly completely covered with low, dense clouds, suggesting heavy and continuous rain is occurring or imminent. There is minimal presence of high and medium clouds, reinforcing the dominance of the low cloud cover. Overall, the conditions point towards overcast skies with significant rainfall, possibly leading to stormy weather."
el-pobo-20240903-103001.jpg,"The cloud base is extremely low, indicating a high potential for rain. The sky is heavily dominated by dense, low clouds, suggesting overcast conditions with likely heavy rain. There is minimal mid-level cloud presence, supporting the likelihood of continuous rainfall. The overall cloud coverage is very high, confirming that rain is imminent or currently occurring."
el-pobo-20240903-113001.jpg,"The cloud base is very low, indicating the potential for rain. There is minimal presence of high-altitude clouds, suggesting clear skies higher up. However, the sky is dominated by dense low clouds, with some medium clouds present, indicating heavy rain. The overall overcast conditions point to continuous rainfall."
el-pobo-20240903-123001.jpg,"The low altitude of the cloud base suggests a high potential for rain. With moderate high cloud presence, fair weather is possible but there's also a hint of incoming rain. The minimal low and medium cloud coverage indicates that, while there are some clouds, they are not dense enough to suggest heavy precipitation. The sky is mostly cloudy, indicating overcast conditions with potential for light rain."
el-pobo-20240903-133001.jpg,"The cloud base is very low, indicating the potential for rain. The sky shows dense high-altitude clouds, suggesting significant weather changes, while moderate low and medium clouds further indicate overcast conditions with possible rain. Overall, the sky is nearly completely overcast, likely leading to continuous rain or cyclonic activity. This combination suggests unstable weather, with a high likelihood of precipitation and potential storm activity."
el-pobo-20240903-143001.jpg,"The low altitude of clouds suggests a strong potential for rain. With nearly half of the sky covered by high clouds, fair weather with some incoming rain is indicated. The moderate presence of low and medium clouds suggests possible light showers. Overall, the mostly cloudy sky points towards overcast conditions with the likelihood of light rain."
el-pobo-20240903-153001.jpg,"The low altitude of the clouds indicates the potential for rain. With significant high cloud cover, there are possible changes in weather. The presence of some medium clouds suggests potential light showers, and the mostly cloudy sky indicates overcast conditions with the likelihood of light rain. Overall, the conditions suggest imminent rain."
el-pobo-20240903-163001.jpg,"The low altitude of the clouds indicates a strong potential for rain. While high cloud cover is minimal, the moderate presence of medium and low clouds suggests possible light showers. Overall, the sky is mostly cloudy, pointing towards overcast conditions with a likelihood of rain. This combination hints at an unstable atmosphere that may lead to continuous precipitation."
el-pobo-20240903-173001.jpg,"Low altitude clouds suggest the potential for rain. The presence of high clouds at around 7.3% indicates mostly clear skies at higher altitudes, suggesting there might be fair weather to some extent. However, with moderate levels of both low and medium clouds, there is a possibility of light showers. Overall, the partly cloudy sky indicates a mix of fair weather with some cloud presence, but not enough to suggest heavy rain or severe weather."
el-pobo-20240903-183001.jpg,"The cloud base is quite low, indicating the potential for rain. There is moderate high-altitude cloud cover, suggesting possible changes in weather. Low clouds are significantly present, which might lead to overcast conditions with light to moderate rain. Overall, the mostly cloudy sky indicates overcast conditions with potential light rain."
el-pobo-20240903-193001.jpg,"The low altitude of the clouds indicates a high potential for rain. The significant presence of low clouds suggests overcast conditions with heavy rain. The moderate amount of high clouds points to some changes in weather but with heavy rain already present. The sky is nearly completely overcast, likely leading to continuous rain."
el-pobo-20240903-203001.jpg,"The cloud base is quite low, indicating the potential for rain. High cloud coverage is moderate, suggesting possible changes in weather. There is a significant presence of low clouds, which implies overcast conditions with heavy rain likely. The total cloud coverage is high, indicating continuous rain or potential cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240903-213001.jpg,"The low altitude of the clouds indicates a high potential for rain. There is a moderate presence of high-altitude clouds, suggesting fair weather with some incoming rain. Low clouds are minimal, indicating clear or fair weather, while mid-level clouds suggest stable conditions. The overall cloud coverage being partly cloudy points to generally fair weather with some cloud presence, but not enough to significantly impact weather conditions."
el-pobo-20240903-223001.jpg,"The low altitude of the clouds suggests the potential for rain. The moderate presence of high clouds indicates some fair weather, but with a chance of incoming rain. The relatively low percentage of low and medium clouds suggests fair weather with little chance of heavy precipitation. The overall partly cloudy sky suggests fair weather with some cloud presence."
el-pobo-20240903-233001.jpg,"The cloud base is quite low, indicating a potential for rain. There is a significant presence of low clouds, suggesting the possibility of overcast conditions with rain or thunderstorms. Medium clouds are also moderately present, indicating changes in weather conditions. Overall, the sky is mostly cloudy, suggesting overcast conditions with potential for light rain."
el-pobo-20240904-053001.jpg,"The cloud base is very low, strongly indicating the potential for rain. A dense presence of high clouds suggests significant weather changes, while the substantial coverage of low clouds points to overcast conditions with heavy rain likely. The notable amount of mid-level clouds further supports the possibility of continuous rain or storms, indicating an unstable atmosphere. The overall complete cloud cover reinforces the likelihood of continuous rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240904-063001.jpg,"The clouds are at a very low altitude, indicating a high potential for rain. The sky is completely overcast, which suggests continuous rain or cyclonic activity. Dense low clouds dominate the sky, contributing to overcast conditions and heavy rain. Medium clouds are also present, adding to the likelihood of rain and an unstable atmosphere."
el-pobo-20240904-073001.jpg,"The sky is dominated by dense, low-altitude clouds, indicating heavy rain with a very low cloud base. High cloud cover is also dense, suggesting significant weather changes and possibly an approaching front. Medium clouds add to the overcast conditions, further supporting the likelihood of precipitation. Overall, the completely overcast sky points to continuous rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240904-083001.jpg,"The extremely low altitude of the clouds indicates a high likelihood of heavy rain. Dense low clouds, combined with full sky coverage, suggest overcast conditions with significant precipitation. The high cloud presence also indicates substantial atmospheric activity, possibly signaling an approaching front or significant weather changes. Overall, the conditions point towards continuous heavy rain, potentially linked to cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240904-093001.jpg,"Low, dense clouds dominate the sky, indicating heavy rain with a very low altitude. The sky is completely overcast, likely leading to continuous rain or cyclonic activity. High-altitude clouds are dense, suggesting significant weather changes, often associated with an anticyclone. Medium clouds are present but not dominant, contributing to the overall overcast conditions."
el-pobo-20240904-103001.jpg,"The clouds are positioned at a very low altitude, indicating the potential for rain. High cloud cover is dense, suggesting an approaching front or significant weather changes, typically associated with an anticyclone. The dense presence of low clouds suggests overcast conditions with heavy rain or cyclonic activity. With the sky completely overcast, continuous rain or cyclonic conditions are highly likely."
el-pobo-20240904-113001.jpg,"The cloud base is very low, indicating a strong potential for rain. Dense low clouds dominate the sky, suggesting overcast conditions with heavy rain or cyclonic activity. Moderate presence of medium clouds adds to the overcast conditions but suggests a somewhat stable atmosphere. The sky is completely overcast, likely leading to continuous rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240904-123001.jpg,"The clouds are at a very low altitude, indicating the potential for heavy rain. A significant presence of high clouds suggests potential weather changes. The sky is dominated by dense low clouds, signaling overcast conditions with heavy rain. With nearly complete cloud coverage, this is indicative of continuous rain or possibly cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240904-133001.jpg,"The very low altitude of the clouds suggests a significant potential for rain. High cloud cover is moderate, indicating possible changes in weather, while the significant presence of low clouds points to overcast conditions with heavy rain or thunderstorms. The moderate amount of mid-level clouds further supports the possibility of light showers. Overall, the sky is almost completely overcast, likely leading to continuous rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240904-143001.jpg,"The low altitude of the clouds suggests the potential for rain. With a significant presence of low clouds, the conditions are leaning towards overcast skies with likely rain or thunderstorms. The minimal presence of high-altitude clouds indicates that there are no significant weather changes on a larger scale. Overall, the mostly cloudy sky suggests overcast conditions, with potential for light to moderate rain."
el-pobo-20240904-153001.jpg,"The relatively low altitude of the clouds indicates the potential for rain. The presence of moderate high clouds suggests fair weather but with some incoming rain. A significant presence of low clouds indicates overcast conditions with potential for light rain. Overall, the mostly cloudy sky points to overcast conditions with some likelihood of rain."
el-pobo-20240904-163001.jpg,The low altitude of the cloud base indicates the potential for rain. The presence of moderate high clouds suggests fair weather with some incoming rain. Significant low cloud presence points to potential overcast conditions with rain. The overall mostly cloudy sky indicates overcast conditions with potential for light rain.
el-pobo-20240904-173001.jpg,"The cloud base is at a relatively low altitude, indicating the potential for rain. The significant presence of low clouds suggests overcast conditions with a high likelihood of heavy rain. Medium clouds are moderately present, supporting the possibility of light to moderate showers. Overall, the sky is mostly cloudy, pointing towards continuous rain and unstable weather conditions."
el-pobo-20240904-183001.jpg,"The low altitude of the clouds suggests a potential for rain. The minimal presence of high clouds indicates clear skies with no significant weather activity aloft. Moderate low cloud coverage suggests possible light showers, while the presence of some medium clouds adds to the likelihood of minor weather changes. Overall, the partly cloudy sky suggests fair weather with some cloud presence and a low chance of significant precipitation."
el-pobo-20240904-193000.jpg,"The clouds are at a relatively low altitude, indicating the potential for rain. The sky has a moderate presence of low clouds, suggesting possible light showers, while the medium clouds are sparse, indicating stable weather conditions. The absence of high clouds suggests clear skies at high altitudes, contributing to fair weather. Overall, the sky is partly cloudy, suggesting fair weather with some cloud presence."
el-pobo-20240904-203000.jpg,"The relatively low altitude of the clouds suggests the potential for rain, although the overall cloud coverage is quite minimal. The absence of high clouds indicates clear skies at higher altitudes. With very few low and medium clouds present, the weather is mostly stable and fair. No significant weather activity is expected given the low total cloud coverage."
el-pobo-20240904-213001.jpg,"The clouds are at a relatively low altitude, indicating the potential for rain. However, the sky is mostly clear with minimal high, medium, and low cloud presence, suggesting stable and fair weather. The overall cloud coverage is minimal, indicating no significant weather activity at the moment. This points to clear and stable conditions with no immediate precipitation."
el-pobo-20240904-223000.jpg,"The cloud base is relatively low, indicating the potential for rain. However, the minimal presence of high, medium, and low clouds suggests mostly clear skies. Overall, the total cloud coverage is low, indicating there is no significant weather activity anticipated. This suggests stable and fair weather conditions."
el-pobo-20240904-233001.jpg,"The clouds are situated at a low altitude, indicating the potential for rain. However, the minimal presence of high, medium, and low clouds suggests mostly clear skies with no imminent precipitation. The overall cloud coverage is very low, indicating stable and fair weather conditions. No significant weather activity is expected based on the current cloud data."
el-pobo-20240905-053000.jpg,"The cloud base is low, indicating the potential for rain. High-altitude clouds suggest fair weather, but their presence is minimal. The low presence of low and medium clouds points to mostly clear skies. Overall, the partly cloudy sky suggests fair weather with no immediate heavy precipitation."
el-pobo-20240905-063001.jpg,"The low altitude of the clouds suggests a significant potential for rain. With a moderate presence of high-altitude clouds, there's an indication of possible changes in weather. The minimal coverage of low and medium clouds suggests fair weather conditions. Overall, the partly cloudy sky indicates fair weather with some potential for light showers."
el-pobo-20240905-073000.jpg,"The low altitude of the cloud base strongly indicates the potential for rain. The sky is dominated by dense high-altitude clouds, suggesting significant weather changes or an approaching front. The minimal presence of low clouds implies that the immediate precipitation might not be heavy. Overall, the mostly overcast sky suggests that continuous rain is likely."
el-pobo-20240905-083001.jpg,"The very low altitude of the clouds indicates a potential for rain. The dense coverage of high-altitude clouds suggests significant weather changes, likely associated with an anticyclone. The limited presence of low clouds points to mostly clear conditions near the ground, but overall, the sky is almost completely overcast, which increases the likelihood of continuous rain. The absence of medium clouds suggests that any precipitation would primarily originate from the low-level cloud cover."
el-pobo-20240905-093001.jpg,"The cloud base is quite low, suggesting potential for rain. High-altitude clouds are densely present, indicating an approaching front or significant weather changes, often associated with an anticyclone. Low and medium clouds are present but not dominant, suggesting that while some rain is possible, it might not be heavy. The sky is almost completely overcast, indicating the likelihood of continuous rain."
el-pobo-20240905-103001.jpg,"The cloud base is very low, indicating the potential for rain. The sky is almost completely overcast, suggesting continuous rain or cyclonic activity. There is a significant presence of medium clouds, which suggests possible showers or thunderstorms. High cloud cover is dense, indicating significant weather changes, possibly associated with an anticyclone."
el-pobo-20240905-113001.jpg,"The clouds are forming at a very low altitude, indicating a strong potential for rain. The sky is almost completely overcast, with high-level clouds suggesting significant weather changes. The presence of dense medium clouds further reinforces the likelihood of continuous rain or storms. Overall, the conditions point toward heavy rain with potential for stormy weather."
el-pobo-20240905-123001.jpg,"The cloud base is very low, indicating a high potential for rain. Despite the lack of low clouds, the significant presence of high clouds suggests an approaching front or significant weather changes. The dense medium clouds indicate instability and potential for continuous rain or storms. Overall, the sky is nearly completely overcast, likely leading to imminent rain with potential for severe weather."
el-pobo-20240905-133001.jpg,"The very low altitude of the cloud base indicates the potential for rain. The moderate presence of high-altitude clouds suggests fair weather with some incoming rain. The minimal presence of low clouds indicates mostly clear weather, while the significant presence of mid-level clouds suggests possible light showers. The sky is partly cloudy, indicating fair weather with some cloud presence."
el-pobo-20240905-143001.jpg,"The low altitude of clouds indicates the potential for rain. With moderate coverage of high clouds and a noticeable presence of medium clouds, there is a likelihood of light showers. The minimal presence of low clouds suggests fair weather, keeping the sky partly cloudy. Overall, the sky is partly cloudy, indicating fair weather with some potential for light precipitation."
el-pobo-20240905-153001.jpg,"The low altitude of the clouds suggests a high potential for rain. The significant presence of medium clouds indicates changes in weather conditions, likely leading to rain or thunderstorms. Although the high cloud coverage is moderate, the overall dense cloud coverage suggests imminent rain. The sky is almost completely overcast, pointing to continuous rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240905-163001.jpg,"The cloud base is very low, indicating the potential for rain. The high cloud cover is dense, suggesting an approaching front or significant weather changes. Medium clouds are moderately present, indicating potential for light showers. The sky is almost completely overcast, likely leading to continuous rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240905-173002.jpg,"The cloud base is very low, indicating a strong potential for rain. High cloud coverage is dense, suggesting significant weather changes and possibly an approaching front. While the low cloud presence is minimal, the moderate to significant medium cloud coverage indicates an unstable atmosphere, likely leading to continuous rain. The sky is almost completely overcast, further supporting the likelihood of rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240905-183001.jpg,"The cloud base is very low, indicating a strong potential for rain. High cloud coverage is dense, suggesting significant weather changes and possibly an approaching front. Medium clouds are moderate, hinting at potential light showers. Overall, the sky is almost completely overcast, likely leading to continuous rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240905-193001.jpg,"The cloud base is very low, indicating the potential for rain. Despite the low cloud density, the significant presence of high clouds suggests an approaching front or significant weather changes, potentially linked with an anticyclone. Medium clouds are moderately present, suggesting potential for light showers. The sky is almost completely overcast, likely leading to continuous rain."
el-pobo-20240905-203001.jpg,"The cloud base is very low, indicating a high potential for rain. High clouds are very dense, suggesting significant weather changes, likely linked to an anticyclone. The presence of moderate amounts of low and medium clouds indicates overcast conditions with potential for light showers. With nearly complete cloud coverage, continuous rain is highly likely, possibly with cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240905-213001.jpg,"The cloud coverage indicates a very low altitude base, suggesting the potential for heavy rain. The sky is completely overcast, likely leading to continuous rain. High-altitude clouds are densely present, suggesting significant weather changes associated with an anticyclone. The considerable presence of low clouds further indicates overcast conditions with potential heavy rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240905-223001.jpg,"The clouds are at a low altitude, which indicates the potential for rain. The sky is heavily dominated by high clouds, suggesting significant weather changes, and the dense low cloud cover points towards overcast conditions with heavy rain, possibly even cyclonic activity. Medium clouds are less prominent but still present, contributing to the overall instability of the atmosphere. Given the completely overcast sky, continuous rain or cyclonic weather is highly likely."
el-pobo-20240905-233001.jpg,"The clouds are at a low altitude, indicating a high potential for rain. The sky is completely covered with dense, low clouds, suggesting heavy rain or possibly cyclonic activity. Medium clouds are moderately present, adding to the overcast conditions and reinforcing the likelihood of rain. Overall, the total cloud coverage and the type of clouds present point to continuous and significant rainfall."
el-pobo-20240906-053001.jpg,"The extremely low altitude of the cloud base combined with the high density of low clouds strongly suggests heavy rain with possible thunderstorms. The moderate presence of high clouds and medium clouds indicates that there might be some light showers amidst the heavier rain. Overall, the sky is almost completely overcast, pointing towards continuous rain. This dense cloud coverage and low cloud base could also hint at cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240906-063001.jpg,"The very low altitude of the clouds suggests the potential for rain. The sky is dominated by dense low clouds, indicating heavy rain or cyclonic activity. High clouds are minimal, while medium clouds are also sparse, contributing more to overcast conditions than to immediate weather changes. The overall cloud coverage is nearly complete, strongly suggesting continuous rain or the presence of a cyclone."
el-pobo-20240906-073001.jpg,"The cloud base is very low, indicating a strong potential for rain. High cloud cover is minimal, suggesting that the primary weather activity is occurring at lower altitudes. Dense low clouds dominate the sky, likely leading to overcast conditions with heavy rain. Medium cloud presence is low, but the overall high cloud coverage suggests significant weather activity, potentially cyclonic."
el-pobo-20240906-083001.jpg,"The sky is dominated by dense, low clouds, which strongly indicate the potential for heavy rain or even cyclonic activity. The cloud base is very low, further suggesting imminent or ongoing precipitation. The minimal presence of high clouds and moderate amount of mid-level clouds contribute to the overcast conditions. Overall, the weather is likely to be quite unstable with significant rain expected."
el-pobo-20240906-093001.jpg,"Given the extremely low altitude of the clouds, there is a high potential for rain. The high percentage of low clouds suggests overcast conditions with likely heavy rain. The minimal presence of medium clouds indicates that while there might be some light showers, the main weather phenomenon will be driven by the dense low clouds. Overall, the sky is mostly overcast, indicating a significant chance of continuous rain."
el-pobo-20240906-103002.jpg,"The cloud base is very low, indicating a strong potential for rain. The sky is dominated by low, dense clouds, which suggests overcast conditions and likely heavy rain or thunderstorms. There is minimal presence of high clouds, indicating that the weather is not stable. Overall, the significant cloud coverage points towards continuous rain or possibly a severe weather event."
el-pobo-20240906-113001.jpg,"The cloud base is very low, indicating a strong potential for rain. The presence of dense low clouds suggests overcast conditions with heavy rain likely. Medium clouds are present but not dominant, contributing to the overall overcast sky. The significant total cloud coverage indicates a mostly cloudy to completely overcast sky, reinforcing the likelihood of continuous rain."
el-pobo-20240906-123001.jpg,"The cloud base is very low, indicating a strong potential for rain. The presence of moderate low clouds suggests possible light showers. Medium clouds are also moderately present, hinting at potential changes in weather conditions. With the overall cloud coverage being more than half, the sky is mostly cloudy, indicating overcast conditions with potential light rain."
el-pobo-20240906-133001.jpg,"The low altitude of the clouds suggests the potential for rain. With moderate coverage of high-altitude clouds, there are possible changes in weather. While low clouds are minimal, their presence along with medium clouds suggests some instability. Overall, the sky is mostly cloudy, indicating overcast conditions with potential for light rain."
el-pobo-20240906-143001.jpg,"The cloud base is relatively low, suggesting the potential for rain. There is a significant presence of high-altitude clouds, indicating possible changes in weather. Low cloud coverage is minimal, while medium cloud coverage is moderate, pointing to fair weather overall. However, the sky is mostly overcast, likely leading to continuous rain or cyclonic activity."
el-pobo-20240906-153001.jpg,"The cloud base is quite low, suggesting a strong potential for rain. High-altitude cloud cover is moderate, indicating potential changes in weather. Low clouds are minimal, but there is a significant presence of medium clouds, hinting at possible light showers. The overall cloud coverage is mostly cloudy, leading to overcast conditions with potential for light rain."
el-pobo-20240906-163001.jpg,"The cloud base is quite low, indicating a significant potential for rain. The high cloud coverage is moderate, suggesting potential changes in weather. While there are no low clouds present, the significant presence of medium clouds, combined with the high overall cloud coverage, suggests a strong likelihood of continuous rain. The sky being almost completely overcast supports the likelihood of impending rainfall."
el-pobo-20240906-173001.jpg,"The cloud base is relatively low, indicating the potential for rain. There is a significant presence of medium-level clouds, contributing to the overcast conditions and suggesting possible continuous rain or storms. Despite the absence of low clouds, the high percentage of high clouds indicates changes in weather, likely hinting at an approaching front. Overall, the sky is largely overcast, which points towards continuous rain or storm activity."
